The pizza was okay. Not the best I've had. I prefer Biaggio's on Flamingo / Fort Apache. The chef there can make a MUCH better NY style pizza. The pizzeria @ Cosmo was over priced for the quality and lack of personality in the food. Biaggio's is a much better pick if youre going for italian - family owned, home made recipes, people that actually CARE if you like their food. You dont get that at a pizzeria in a casino. I dont care what you say...
I love this place! My fiance And I go here atleast once a week. The portions are huge! Food is amazing. I love their carne asada. They have great lunch specials... Leticia is super nice and cares about what you think of her restaurant. You have to try their cheese enchiladas too the sauce is different And amazing!!!
Terrible. Dry corn bread. Rib tips were all fat and mushy and had no flavor. If you want bbq in this neighborhood go to john mulls roadkill grill. Trust me.
Back in 2005-2007 this place was my FAVORITE thai place EVER. I'd go here ALLLLL the time. I never had any complaints. Once they started to get more known and got busy, their service started to suck and their portion sizes got cut in half. I have a huge problem with paying MORE for way less food. The last time I went there I had the Pork Pad se Ew and it tasted good, but I finished my plate and was still hungry. I used to know the manager here and she would greet me with a "Hello Melissa, nice to see you again, diet coke & pad thai or pad se ew?" Now a days, I know she still knows me but she disregards my presence. Also, I had asked her what was up with the new portion sizes and she had no answer for me. Great food but not worth the money. I havent been back in over a year because I refuse to pay $10-15 for dinner and still be hungry after. Sorry PinKaow, you are not what you used to be!!
Delicious healthy food. The steak is amazing. Fish and pork are awesome too. Service is above and beyond. Not a bad thing to say about this place. Worth every penny!
This place sucks. The customer service is horrible. They dont serve food unless you order a pizza from a neighboring restaurant. Who does that? They dont control their crowd. Many times I've gone I've seen fights. The bartenders suck - I've almost got in a fight with one because she was a complete bitch. Refused to serve me a drink because she was "busy" celebrating her friends birthday BEHIND THE BAR. This place is ridiculous. I will NEVER go there again.. EVER.
If you like Thai food, you have to try the original thai bbq. Their pad se ew is to DIE for. Their thai egg rolls are delicious. Basil beef will not let you down (its not on the menu anymore, you have to ask for it!) 

Yes, the building is not as fancy as some other places. Yes, i've batted a fly off my plate more than once. Yes, I do NOT go to the bathroom their because I dont even WANT to know what it looks like... 

BUT.. the thai food is the best in town. The service rocks. And you can get a $25 gift cert. on Restaurant.com for $2. Can you beat that? I think NOT.

This is the only place my husband and I go for anniversarys, date nights, birthdays.. anything!! I recommend it to everyone I know. If you KNOW good thai food, go here.
AMAZING!!!

 I was referred here by a friend and at first thought "Korean and Mexican?? WEIRD... i dont know"... but my husband and I were in the area and thought why not, lets try it... after my friend had nothing but great things to say about this place. We tried the chimichanga and it was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.... We actually did 1/2 chicken 1/2 beef (have you EVER been to a place that will make a burrito half and half? i havent!) The meat has fantastic flavor. I'm not a beef girl but i'd order a whole plate of their beef - its that good. The chimichanga was HUGE enough for both of us to share it (and my husband also had a beef taco which also was delicious) and we were FULL and it was $11 total with drinks. YOu cant beat that.

THe service was great. The server was so nice and attentive- you could tell she was the owner. 

The only thing I'd change is their chips they serve. They were burnt, too thick and kind of bland but their salsa is great. And lets face it, i'm fat so I we ate two baskets anyway so they cant be that bad. lol

All in all, food was delicious, A LOT of food for cheap, great prices, great service great flavor. Hell even my burps taste delicious. Bahaha!
Ribs = amazing
2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable. 

This place would get 5 stars if they expanded their BBQ restaurant. Their ribs are AMAZING. You get SO much food for the price and it tastes sooo good. Plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!
Food is pretty good, not gonna lie. BUT you have to make sacrifices if you choose to eat there. It literally takes an hour to an hour and a half to deliver food. Seriously. EVERY SINGLE TIME. Doesnt matter if we order at 8am, 10am or 1pm. Never fails, they take F-O-R-E-V-E-R. If you dont get what you ordered or you are upset by them delivering your breakfast around LUNCH time, be ready to have the owner talk down to you and be a total bitch to you for i dont know, just wanting what you pay for?! 

Its over priced. But its decently tasteful food. Takes forever. Owners a witch. And i'm pretty sure that they continuing forget to pack my extra ranch just to piss me off. 

End Rant. 

PS- I've never gone in there to eat because i frankly, i'd rather tip the nice delivery driver then the ignorant imbeciles that work in the dining area. 

PPS- My hot chocolate today was cold. They should call it Cold Chocolate. Or start caring if their hot chocolate is hot. One of the two would be great!
I have been an Emerald Club member for a number of years.  I have always been very satisfied with their vehicles and customer service.  This recent visit to Pittsburgh was no exception.
The score should be negative. Its HORRIBLE. The have like 6-7 items in their buffet. No naans or salad. The items were either bland or stale. My friend had a potato curry which was completely stale without salt. The biriyani was okayish but bland. Would never recommend to anyone.
I went there twice and I am pretty happy with my haircut. The people are  really friendly. Would definitely go again.
Great for the price, only $25 for long hair! Was hesitant about dry cut but it turned out good!
Sansotei serves some top notch ramen. They take no reservations, so my company of five had to wait outside for about half an hour. I guess it's normal for Saturday night. Unlike my favorite ramen place in NYC you can only order what's on a menu. No deviations or improvisations whatsoever. Our waitress didn't speak much English, and even after writing everything down still managed to make a mistake or two. But, my spicy sesame ramen called Tan Tan was exceptional. I can tell you that. Just the right thickness of broth, and taste - omg.
Of the several places to get bagels in Oakland, these bagels are the best. Really fresh and tasty and they taste homemade.

However, I wasn't crazy about their bagel and egg sandwiches.
Cool little place, nice atmosphere and staff. Great coffee too, go check em out!
Delicious, friendly staff, cool atmosphere, all around great experience! They have a pretty great selection of crepes and omelettes, among other things. I enjoyed the Cherry Omelette (cherry tomatoes, swiss cheese, potato slices, and bacon) which was pretty big and cooked perfectly! Nice side salad and bread as well. Coffee was great and our server was warm and polite. Would recommend!
Great haircut, cool atmosphere, and really nice people! The price is fair and he is very thorough. Really listens to what you want. Also, I recommend calling ahead to see if it is busy. Worked for me!
Finally! After trying many Mexican restaurants all thru Phoenix & Scottsdale we found an authentic Mexican restaurant that was AMAZING! Fresh tortilla chip & salsa ready and waiting at the table when we sat down. Food was incredible! I ordered the combo with a beef tamale with red sauce & chicken enchilada. Both were full of meat from beginning to end & had so much flavor! Highly recommend this place
One of the best breakfast places I've been to! The menu had so many options, above & beyond your typical breakfast choices. Portions were HUGE and everything was delicious & so fresh! Will definitely be back & highly recommend!
Food was alright, the service was HORRIBLE! Both of our orders came out incorrect after waiting extremely long because they don't write anything down when they take the orders. I asked for greens at the end she confirmed did you say grits? I said no greens please.. still ended up with grits. Boyfriends whole order came out wrong and when they brought him back the right order pretty sure they brought out my grits they took back 5 min before from my wrong order and gave them to him. Waitress came back and just set the plate down and walked off. No sorry about that, does it look right now, do you need anything else.. just straight nothing. Never came by our whole meal to check on us.
DELICIOUS! forgot to take a before picture but as you can see it was amazing. We got 2 kinds of ribs, brisket & chicken and literally every single one fell straight off the bone! Sides were all good. Cornbread before & sugar donuts after. Will definitely be back.
If I could leave zero stars I would. This rude B at the door with the fake lashes and colored lens was super rude. We had entered the club earlier and upon leaving the guy at the door told us we could come back later for the show. But when we came back, one man let us through up to the door, but the B there said there was no re-entry. She then proceeded to tell us that we could talk to "the guy by the exit". Okay. Well FYI, if you've never been to a venue, you don't know exactly where everything is. We walked away and looked around and weren't sure where she was referring to so we went back and asked where the exit was. She rudely responded, "I SAID. Go see the guy by the exit OVER THERE."  Felicia. 

Basically everyone was rude. Not coming back.
Removed several pine trees from our house in Henderson, NV.  Ground the stumps to below ground level.  Quote, execution and billing all very professional.  Loved ability to pay bill from email invoice.  Will use again.
I have to write a review on the Fractured Prune. First off I love doughnuts second I used to work in a bakery. So I know a little about the almighty doughnut. I was there this past Thursday night at Westgate where I was having a nice dinner at Opah Life. I wanted a little desert so I went to this doughnut shop it seemed clean enough so I made my selections and took them home. Mistake should have eaten one there I would have ask for my money back. I took a bite out of each on to confirm what I thought they were the worst doughnuts I have ever had. Horrible not sure if the oils was rancid or not hot enough either way eat at your own risk.
I wish i could tell you all about the food but there was problem. My friend and went there for dinner we were seated quickly unfortunately it was in middle of the empty dinning room so we asked to be moved to the side which we were. Upon sitting down we were told we could only have one of the very small table tops there were two together so the hostess told us the manager said we couldn't use two table tops in the empty restaurant. So we got up and left. With the manager chasing us blaming the hostess for the the ridiculous action. Needles to say we will never return.
Wonderful! One of my favorite places. BBQ is expertly cooked and service is always prompt. The price is right.
The price is about the same as Quizinos. The sandwich was great! They have a live musician so it is kind of loud. It was a good experience.
The food was ok. You get a lot of food for the price. There is bot a lot of seating.
The staff were friendly and helpful. The food was fabulous. Our whole experience was awesome!
The staff were very helpful. We painted pottery which took about 2 hours. It was a lot of fun and we received our pottery with in 3 days.
Limited vegetarian options. Ordered Greek salad but it was sub-par and priced at a ridiculous (almost) thirteen dollars. Will be skipping this joint when traveling through this airport the next time.
After gown shopping in Los Angeles and Orange County for 3 months and not having the "this is the one moment" I made an appointment at Destiny's Bride.  My mom, my sisters and I were having a girls weekend in Scottsdale and wanted to gown shop for fun.  Residing in southern CA, we weren't planning on purchasing a dress out of state.  The boutique absolutely blew us away and the service was even better! Lisa, the owner, was amazing and it was by far the best customer service and experience out of all the high end shops I visited in CA. 
Lisa is extremely knowledgeable and was able to quickly pick out gowns for my body shape and taste.  She was honest with her opinion and took her time with me.  Photos of me in the gowns were allowed which I loved because this was not an option in Los Angeles.  
I found "the one" with Lisa and because we paid that day in full, she offered us a 10% discount!

The shop, selection and customer service were all A+ and I can't wait to return the shop for my fitting and to see Lisa!
I shop here mostly because i live in Brampton. Great customer service, well stocked and clean. 
But, beware of parking routes and stupid drivers. Gets hectic at busy times (weekends) so avoid. 'New' Canadian customers are rather rude and ignorant..so i go to Miss. or Vaughan locations when i can. You will notice the difference.
I trust my vehicles here. Comparable prices. Mike can always give me good advice. Work always done on time...clean. Never had to send back with any problems. My cars run great.
I really like this store. Very clean, well stocked and organized- every dept! Good signage to find products. They have good deals on sale weeks. Bought a couple of appliances here at same or cheaper price than other stores. Good paint-valspar. Helpful staff. Keep up the good work.
 This place makes Home depot look like a 3rd world country.
Best veal sandwich ever ( i like rapini/ garlic top)...pasta, lasagna, chicken...all good. Good service, nice clean place, parking, good food= 5
Non-existened service!  The waiter did not even great us and did not listen to me about ordering, so my male companion had to repeat it to him! Then many people different people tossed our food on the table while passing by without any word or an eye contact! Naan bread arrived much later from the soup! Its a shame that such a dreadful worse than a fast food corner restaurant occupies area in the heart of the Toronto's entertainment district! RUN AWAY,  DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY THERE!!
I was in Phoenix on business last week. My PHX based co-workers are frequent visitors and knowing I like BBQ, they took me to here. One word describes the food - amazing. I've had BBQ from a lot of places all over the country and the food here ranked at the top of the list for me. I had the two meat plate - brisket and pulled pork. Both were awesome. If you are in PHX and like BBQ, you have to come here. The line may be long, but it's truly worth the wait.
This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. Horrible service! The service manager was rude and unprofessional. He shouldn't even have a job after the way he spoke to customers. Marcus Lamonis needs to step in and end this location. Repairs that were suppose to be done never were completed.
The butter burger was cooked perfectly and juicy! The ice cream here is the best I've had! This location is very clean and staff was friendly!
Best location ever! I love love love the manager Jess. She's super great and always helpful. She always helps me find what I'm looking for and has the best suggestions for gifts. I will drive the half hour out of the way to go to this location!
Fab.U.Lous. Best scrambles eggs. Fluffy and tasty. Servings so large teenage athletes had leftovers. Been to Scrambled, US Egg, and we all vote Butterfields. The orange juice is absolutely delicious. Everyone was so nice despite the packed place, and they were fast too. Try it, they won't disappointed.
Easy access to the store with ample parking. If you want to be offered services you don't need, and given incorrect promo info, with no assistance on purchas products, this is THE place.

Came here with my son to pick up an online order and to have him look at phones. I got my phone and that was that, no offer to help set it up or tell me about cool features, I had to ask. I could sense the reluctance but my phone was set up, then strong push for Direct TV and a home alarm.

No acknowledgement of my son who was looking at phones, whom I asked (in front of the agent) if he found something (he did). Still no acknowledgement, so we left. Will probably get it online or find a store more willing to help. 

I miss the store inside PV mall. They were a 6 out of 5. Sad they closed.
Been here 3x and no beef #45, will stop coming; what's the point if it's always out. Take it off the menu since it's never available. Portions getting smaller, prices going up. And the table that came after us got to order first.
In case my email didn't work, still giving a 1.  I tried calling but customer service hours from 9-6 M--F.  I'm not the kind of person who spends my work hours on personal phone calls.  Email/msg me the info you need and I can send it over.  I still have a copy of my receipt and should not be jumping through a multitude of hoops for something like this (non error) on my part.
Nice place, games for younger kids, bar like feel for adults, missing the mark for teens; we tried hot dogs, burgers, sample platter, a little on the salty side, but otherwise OK.

Come early to avoid crowds/lines.
Despite the long drive thru line, they were really great. Happy to be there and helpful. Super efficient too.  Keep up the positive attitude!  I can see why people come over and wait patiently.
Drive thru: I guess it's opposite day at the drive thru.  Apparently a 'no, thank you' to 'do you want some ketchup' means 17 (I counted) ackets of ketchup for 1 order of fries. Less a star because I'm not a fan of people being wasteful. I know it's just a little thing, but it irks me.
Friendliest staff, no matter how swamped they are. Always smiling and gracious. Garlic parm and lemon pepper wings. Mmmmmmmm.

Love the simplicity of the place and the trinkets all over the walls, always discover something new.
Prefer the Harkins Theatres over AMC. Camelview for loungers, Tempe Marketplace to people and movie watch, Scottsdale for larger screens, and Shea when I'm feeling nostalgic.

It's very clean, someone is always cleaning or just finished cleaning the rest rooms. No popcorn droppings in the lobby, on the counters or condiment station. Always friendly, smiling faces ready to clean the auditorium after the movie.

The auditoriums don't have stadium seating but there's  and incline and easy to see the screen, chairs are comfortable but not as large as the newer chairs. There's a LOT of leg room. This is where we go when we want to watch a movie and 'travel' back in time to visit a movie theater very similar to the one we went to growing up.
Overall rating: 2.5 for a 4:30 weekday visit (no one at the bar and 4 tables, including us - mostly parties of 2, like us).

I've decided to count, from entering an establishment to the time our party is spotted to the time we are acknowledged or helped (no, I don't  speed count). This visit, it was 5 before we were spotted and 82 before a hostess came to seat us.

Place was clean, server prompt, nice. Salmon was dry, overcooked. Walnut and tempura shrimp were good but warm/cool, not hot. Liked the tofu and veggies. Fried prawns were tasty. Crab legs? Crab legs, nothing spectacular. The fried rice? Hardened, couldn't pay me to eat it. All the meat dishes, with the exception of almost well done prime rib (not happy that there was no one at the carving station to cut or anyone to call and ask) had an after taste of cough medicine - so did the tapioca, but cake was ok.

Also almost got run over by the hostess while on my way to get food, she was rushing toward the empty side of the restaurant. My response? Smile, and an 'oh, sorry excuse me.' Hers a raised eyebrow that became a frown and a parting huff. Wanna pay over $20 for that plus tax and tip? Go for it lol, I'll pass.
4 because there's this one cashier who, each time rang our purchases up (different weeks) always looked like a mix of anger and unhappiness for customers im general.

Store is clean, but I gotta say...having clothes for sale...somehow... I no longer wanna call it 'fancy frys' it now seems more like...'wannabe walmart.' 

Almost down to a 3 thanks to that, BUT the pharmacy staff....AweSOME! Super courteous and helpful, really great empathy toward each customer. Not an easy task but they are shining stars in my book.
2.5 stars. We've come here several times over the past few years and management is always different. This review is for   current management, supposedly 'original' management. 

I like that we no longer have to order and pay at the counter. We usually order calamari or calamari salad, katsu don.  This time the calamari was crispy but bland, the dipping sauce - no, thank you: tasted like mix of wasabi, tartar, and soap. Soy sauce saved the calamari.

Katsu don was super delicious and fresh. I was starving, finished mine and then went into a food coma. 

Staff was pleasant but the lower score is because: the place wasn't super busy (3 other tables, small parties 2-3 per table), and yet when we got there, our table was dirty - wiped away grease streak, 2 pcs of food laying on the table.

This place is closer to me than Tokyo Express...so I guess we'll come back.
Meh. 6 skinny mozzarella sticks for $7. It's an appetizer for and 1 adult and 1 toddler. Wish we just went to Costco to get a whole bag, but my teens were h-anger-y ;) 

Wednesday wings, glad they still have it. Stick with the original. I wouldn't recommend their wing sauce; their garlic parm is nothing compared to Long Wongs or Buffalo Wild Wings.

Fries were bland. The staff...they seemed "nice" but...off... 2-3x our server and this dude walked by said "how's everything going/tasting" and they kept walking without stopping or even really lookong at our table because each time that happened, one person in our party had an empty drink. They were just going through the smiles and verbal motions without actually...serving.

Would I go back to Hooters? Yes. This one? Neeeevvvaaahhhhhhh, go DOWNTOWN, not here.
Happy to be seated promptly on a Friday evening.  5 stars to Deb our waitress who was so pleasant, never let our drinks get low, and so quick to answer our questions.

My princess enjoyed her mac n cheese, the fettuccine was creamy, trio was huge, calamari = tasty. Spaghetti, meatballs and pomodoro were divine.

So why not a perfect rating? While we lucked out with Deb, I'm just not sure how others fared with the people helping them. Usually when we walk into or out of a restaurant, staff smile and say hi, say, "welcome to..." or acknowledge patrons in some way shape or form. Yesterday, all 4 of us were greeted with blank stares (again, except Deb).
Deeeeeeeeeeellllliiiissssshhhhhh!  More than a pleasant surprise, it's a super tasty delight. I expected yummy food and well, this was.....*sigh*.... ahhhhhhhhhhhh.

Regular fries were seasoned so well, burgers juicy, each item we tried had it's own flavor but blended really well together. Fresno chicken tacos....zing creeps up on you, paired with the sweetness of the carnival corn....more aaaahhhhhhs.

And the french toast fries.....OMG so good! Stop reading this and go there already (bring your friends and order different things so you can try it all).
Been coming here for years, always delicious food, served super fast, no matter how busy.

Service is excellent! Looking for real asian food? Head out to what my family calls, "Super D."

Pan fried noodles, salt and pepper pork chop are our faves.
More reasonably priced items here. Decent quality products. Good sales. Coupons are a bit confusing. Quite a few of them, but be sure to read the fine print otherwise you may be disappointed when you get to the store. My issue is that I called with the coupon on hand with a question thrying to clarify the exclusions but even the staff could not explain it to me. I do expect more from those who work there.
Regular starbucks, nothing special. No one exceptionally friendly or anything. Staff seemed more in a hurry to get back to chatting with one another, not really building rapport with customer. I guess I get it though, almost closing time. Quiet in here this evening.
Came here before the reno to watch foreign movies, and was oleasantly surprised then.

After the reno, wow! Seatsa are sooooooo comfortable. (I think maybe a bit too comfy because not ling into the previews, I heard snoring lol).

4 becasue it's far, but also concerned about coming here after dark and wondering if my car will be ok.
Never been inside. Always a drive through experience. The place could use retouching of paint, etc. By place I mean what little I can see from the drive thru window ;)

Food? 4.  Super tasty. Picky eater son loves their chicken tacos.  Try the patron burrito. I have half for breakfast and half for linner (lunch/dinner). It's THAT big.
If only it wasn't in a casino, I'd give it a 5 and come back more often. Thankfully, no smell of smoke inside. 

We were seated promptly at a booth and had a good time. Came here expecting over priced, bland food. Apparently I was in for a surprise.

Our server was prompt and nice. Hubby gave him 8 out of 10 rating (we ran too low on drinks once). The foooooood.....best calamari ever! Crispy, soft, and TASTY without the deep fried oily feeling. Don't usually like tartar sauce but loved this one.

Linguini was delicious-nice, subtle zing and scrumptious prawn.  Steak was succulent and delectable. We didn't have room for dessert because the portions were huge.

Reasonably priced for great food and large portions.
Everyone's always happy and incredibly helpful here. Mandarin chicken, chocolate croissants are our faves.

Kids love the little push carts - so cute! Sparkling lemonade is great with fresh strawberries.

Come check out all they have to offer...their flowers are beautiful too!
Have not actually been inside so this will be a review of multiple drive thru experiences, not a 5 because I haven't been inside but I'll do that next time and update my review.

We usually go for chicken tacos, quesadillas (chicken and cheese), patron, AZ, or carne asada burritos. Food is always hot, order always correct.  Food tastes good, not overly salty and definitely bland. It isn't a gourmet meal, but it hits the spot. Prices have gone up a bit but at least they didn't shrink the portions. 

This place stands out for me because no matter how big or 'customized' our order is (e.g. no pico or easy in lettuce, etc.), they've ALWAYS been super patient when taking the order and then super nice when we pick up our food.
My last review was a novel, this will be short. Ordered online for pick up, food was handed to me at EXACTLY that time, not a minute later. Aaarrrmmmyyygaaawwwd amazing!

Why the 3? One order was wrong :( BUT it was pretty good anyway so I'll leave it be. We're all human after all.
Busy holiday weekend, but all the staff from the ticket counter, concessions, and rest room attendants we really nice. Smiling without a hint of annoyance due to working on a holiday weekend with heavy traffic. 

It would have been a 3 due to smelly restroom but before I left, they were already on it. Service counts a lot.

Seats were comfortable with good leg room.
Went on the south side.  It was more flat, but at 100 degrees, I didn't really want to do climbing. Trail was clean and scenery was beautiful. Made me stop and just be. Very relaxing.

Definitely bring a lot of water, stay on the trail and please please take your trash with you.
Comfortable seats, happy they are not separated in clusters/groups like other theaters with recliners (works well with an odd numbered group).

Love the different seating options available while waiting for the movie.

$14 after 6pm movies is a bit steep, suggest at least a senior or student discount.
Best place for dim sum in the valley.  Prefer this one to the one at Mekong Plaza in Mesa.  Pork siomai is the family favorite. Calamari is the bomb, when the cook isn't in (he gets in about 10-11am on weekends), we get the Salt and Pepper squid from the a la carte menu. Shrimp egg rolls, mmmmmmm.
Laser maze is a blast for the kids, check Groupon for deals so you don't break the bank.

Love the sitting area outside, great for waiting parents when the weather is cool and breezy.

Bummer that you can't even bring water for a birthday party, it's $0.99 per additional 8oz bottle, but it beats the $1.25 pouch of Carpi Sun.  My kids love ice cream but we couldn't bring an ice cream cake either.  Loosen up, allow us to bring water (this is AZ) and our own cakes for the parties.
Food taste: 2 
Time to receive food: 3
Customer Service: - 5 (yes, that's a negative)
Cleanliness: 3
Accuracy of order: 0

Liked that the screen is easier to read. Nice printed menus too. Purchased a Groupon  (4 burgers 4 sides) gave our orders (one burger and side to go) and was charged $26 and change. I'll take credit for signing and paying albeit confused, my mistake. Apparently lady assumed I only purchased a Groupon for (2 burgers and 2 sides). I pointed that out, she (lady 1) needed help and the lady (lady 2) who helped only asked the cash registrar for an explanation, not me. No sorry no nothing. Immediate refund of $21 no questions asked. I asked why it was only $21 not $26 and change, a brief and now obviously fake glance at the screen and I was told registrar was right not me. Lady 2 walks to the back and cancels 2 burgers and 2 sides. I patiently wait cause I understood the kitchen was busy and there was a line. I explained we needed 4 burgers and 4 fries again, no apologies for their own confusion and mistakes. Lady 2 just says the whole order needs to be cancelled and redone, again no apologies, didn't even offer to help further, just stayed in the kitchen. Lady 1 put in an order for the other 2 burgers and 2 fries (one to go) offered me 2 free drinks which I declined.

Guess what came to our table. Yep, 2 burgers and 2 fries (you know, the one pair that was to go). Explained to the server that we ordered 4, again no apologies, checks with the lady 1 at the register and shortly brings our order to us. Fries tasted like fries anywhere else, crispy, plain. Nothing special like before. Burgers were bland, both my husband and son said burgers were 'ok, not really tasty like last time.'

As we're eating, I notice lady 2 walking and chatting to other patrons. She stop by our table to make amends? Why of course not. She looked at us though, and walked away.

Last week I told my sisters to eat here. Just sent a message on group chat telling them not to waste their time. Few weeks ago told my coworkers to stop by here when they're in the neighborhood, I'll tell them about this visit on Monday.

My advice to management: Tell staff to read, slow down, listen and understand how important customer service is.

Advice to Yelpers: Smash Burger or In N Out. Taste hasn't changed, service much better. If in Vegas, Wahlburgers.
Great prices when there's a $10 off coupon. Lots of fun screen printed shirts for teens/tweens. (hint: Star Wars) 

Do the math before buying one at regular price and getting the next for a penny. Just sayin' use the arithmetic from elementary school.

They do have a better selection online. Love that when a size was not in stock at tje store, they ordered it for me online for store pick up and applied the store coupon and I didn't even have to ask.

Are all the staff that nice? No, BUT they are waaaay more helpful than that other dept store that rhymes with 'acy's.'
This was a real fun time. Lots of laughs and entertainment. Love that the cast interactions with all guests in a semi intimate setting. Each course is delivered between scenes and you're given time to eat so you don't miss the show. 

Food was pretty decent as well. Like the salad dressing and love the sauce on the chicken. Bring cash for the bar and especially for the tip. Cast/staff work hard and deserve it :)

4 stars since I'm bummed there were no mojitos.
First time here started off with no line, by the time we left, drive through and inside lines were full.

Burger was ok, veggies were fresh, loved the sauce and fries. I drive by here a lot, would stop for the fries. Also, wish I had known the corn is seasonal.  

Why the 3? Service. It was our first time and it was obvious, felt more like the lady ready to take our order just wanted to get it over with and us out of the way.

Like I said no line when we got there, not inside and 1 car at the drive thru.

The 4-5 will depend on service next time.
First and last time at this location. We've been moving since 6am after a long work week. Pit stop at Starbucks for frappucinos (for some of our friends who helped) and then at Dunkin for coolatas (for the other half).

Excuse my husband for being tired, human and saying the wrong drink name, 'frappe' instead of coolata being that he was exhausted and needed a pick me up. Apparently that is a personal offense to the Dunkin team. Instead of saying they serve 'coolatas' they server and his shift leader told my husband to go to Starbucks. I hope the franchise owner reads this so they know customers are being told to go across the street.  And btw, 'shift leader,' 'frappes' are at McDonalds.

Want to be shamed for saying the wrong menu item? Head on down.
We came starving and left stuffed.  Always loved and still adore their calamari. Add the breadsticks and chicken/gnocchi soup...couldn't even finish my main course.  What we 'took' for dinner will probably be for brunch tomorrow.  

Jerry our server was amazing! He was the only one in our section so I can't say service was speedy, but he was always smiling and gracious with each party even though I could see 1 party getting anxious.  The fact that he kept his composure, professionalism, and remained gracious - I commend that kind of service. Kudos, Jerry! 

OG management, perhaps improve scheduling during the lunch rush?
Wow! Sponge cakes that almost melt in you mouth. So light! Watch yourself though, food is so light you may end up eating more than you should especially if you are trying to watch your waistline:)

He felt each coffee cake piece (to put in the bag) and didn't sell me one that felt soggy to the touch.  Asked for pork buns and he went to get the ones in the back that were fresh and cooling down.  Heated up the one piece I was going to eat in the car. (pork bun was so tasty!) All that without me having to ask. 

My fave are the mini sponge cakes with whipped topping and fruit on top, it's a little piece of heaven.  Having a party? Perfect dessert bite your guests will adore!
Horrible. The smart ones have closed their account. Tellers don't know how to read a day drop envelope that clearly reads MORTGAGE PAYMENT in front and back with the full loan number on it. Money was sitting in the account and in the meantime my mortgage was late. This has happened 4 times. 4 TIMES. 

Manager doesn't take accountability for the lack of attention to detail of his staff or their errors.  Tried to blame me because they didnt believe I put anything on the envelope. Account numbers and account holder names sitting all over Christopher the teller's desk. People wonder why your accounts are compromised? Manager saw it and did nothing. 

Be smart take you money out and run.
Been here once before for take out, place has a chemical smell back then and am glad it's gone.  Ate in this time before our movie. Enjoyed the freshly cooked food. Like the healthy options. We came famished, left really full. Place is clean with gtiendly, efficient staff.

I did find the katsu sliced too thin it was no longer tender when fried. Sushi was ok, so was the calamari.
Meh. Hit or miss with service and sale items. It's always clean with ample parking, hence the 3.
Scared to post a review because people might find it and crowds will come lol.

Pros: stadium seating, comfortable, large chairs, super ample leg room, clean theater. Manager is nice, he works concessions. Super decent pricing.

Cons: 3x since it opened, we've visited and either there was no picture or audio was messed up. They fixed it within 10 mins but we've not experienced that anywhere else but in a foreign country. Bathroom needs updating: tiles are looking pretty worn.
Love the 'old school' ambiance. Friendly staff. Have been here several times over the last 5 years and I never left dissatisfied. 

Come for the popcorn and drinks.
We've come here several times over a few years. It's always been clean (we go in the evenings). The service is great, they are all really nice, but not excessively chipper to the point of being fake. There's always so much to choose from, We always need a minute to decide ;)

Kids love the baskets and also the burgers, cheese curds and concrete mixers are their faves. I like the rueben, but it's so hearty, I can't finish it all at once. The dinners are a great value too, pot roast with salad and a roll, yuuuuummmmm!
Place is always packed for weekend dinners, harder to get in if there's more than a party for two.

Giant portions, love that there's enough to share or to munch on the followinh day.  

Cheese crisp and p'zookie are our motivation to come here, wish tables were not too close together, but I get it's part of their charm, plus that would mean less tables and then there  would be a longer wait ;)
Where to begin? 1st timer at AMC Desert Ridge. Excited because of the recliner seats. Overwhelmed when we stepped inside. The Marketplace was...well, we thought it was like a hospital cafeteria with a lot less staff and a giant mess. Popcorn all over the floors and counters, condiments spilled, condiment droppings on the counter. Saw 2 girls with brooms - not cleaning but chatting it up with the cashier.

Gotta line up 3 times, one to order, another to pay, and another to pick up your order. Pure confusion for a 1st timer. So you go back, front, and back. Liked the soda machine cause you pick and mix. The 'bar?' It looks like  and afterthought with I think 5 stools.

The bathroom. GROSS. 4 stalls not completely flushed and 1 with wet droppings on the floor. 2 sinks without soap and the used papertowels were overflowing. The automatic machine was rolling the new ones into the used ones. Did I mention there was red/brown debris on the stainless steel? 

Ok recliners but I doubt anyone actually measured the distance from the screen to the seats because we were on 2nd to last row and it still felt too close. We got a headache.
Love the house chicken and chicken fried rice. Only ate here once a few years ago, they were super nice and food was yummy! 

This is out take out spot though.  Dumplings are also good. Family fave is the chicken fried rice, mouth's watering just thinking about it. One serving is good for 3-4.

Delicious food, generous servings, friendly staff and reasonable prices, need I say more?
Bbq, bacon burger is awesome!  Salads are great for 2. Been coming here since it opened a few years ago for take out and dine in.

Staff has always been friendly and courteous.

3 rating because we love Smash fries but over the years, it's gotten more and more greasy.
We just had my son's 6th birthday party here today! The party was a combination of laser tag and arcade games.  We were greeted with a warm welcome upon arriving, and staff was very attentive to us throughout the party. Collin was AMAZING with keeping the party flowing and helping out with everything from the set up, serving of the food, to the clean up at the end. The price was right, and I would highly recommend King Putt on Stephanie in Henderson if you are looking into booking a party here.
It is a very  nice place. At first, my husband and I saw the ad on the local Chinese paper, and decided to give it a try. It turned out to be great! The massage was professional, and the environment was very nice. I love the background muscic as well. At the price of $30 for for 70-munites-foot-massage, it is well worthy the money!
I would have to say my husband and I are very disappointed about the professional photos Jon took for me, which I had planned to use for my upcoming job application. We searched Yelp and found him with all good reviews which made us decide to go to him for these very important pictures. The results are very disappointing! 

Jon seems to be a friendly person, except that in the beginning he tried to deny a Yelp deal that we purchased, as he claimed the deal is for family photos only, which was NOT said in the deal description when we purchased. Anyhow he accepted the deal we bought eventually. However, it turned out to be a terrible experience.  

First of all, his studio is in his house, or maybe more specifically, in his garage. Certainly it is not fun to take a one-hour-photo-shoot at such a place when the temperature is over 100 outside and there is limited air-conditioning in the garage. He had to use a fan trying to make it cooler. But most importantly, his technique is not very impressive at all.  My green dress turned out to be blue in my photos! The skin tone of my face in the pictures turned out to be uneven, despite the fact I was put on make-up by professional beauty artist. Also, his so-called touch-ups of the pictures are awful, that he didn't even try to take the shines on my face away! --- As a matter of fact, I don't think those pictures we purchased have been touched up at all!  

I am not sure if he is good at taking family pictures as other claimed in the reviews, but if you go for professional head-shots, I won't recommend him at all. It will be a total waste of your money and time!
Better service and much better prices than the dealership. These guys take great care of your car without sticking it to you price wise like the dealership does. Won't go anywhere else
Probably the worst experience at a hotel in Vegas I've ever had.  All of the construction was completely annoying, but one of the dealers in particular was pretty much a racist, and decided to get in a racially-motivated political debate with me.  Completely inappropriate.  She also wouldn't stop complaining about how she's made minimum wage there for like 10 years, which says something about their judgement to employ someone like that for 10 years without firing them.  She also made me feel really guilty for dropping a few hundred dollars at the blackjack table instead of tipping her that money.  I wish I had someone to report her to, but they don't really seem to care.  I will never be staying at this hotel EVER again, and would never suggest that anyone else does either, especially with all of the competition on the strip.  You can do MUCH better.
People please...the only good thing about this place is the ever apologetic staff.  I didn't come here for the food but rather the bourbon list as I was told it was amazing....the bourbon list was if fact amazing....problem was they actually didnt carry any of the bourbon on the list....after being told up front ALL of the pappy van Winkle was out of stock, they list like 6 of them on their menu, I was shot down on my next 5 attempts to order a bourbon....all put of stock.  Really?  The bartender kept apologizing profusely but it was apparently all ongoing issue.  don't waste you time here...for the bourbon any way
I love how they have no rice sushi options. They have a pretty good list of sushi and the sauces that they use for it. Food came out at a timely manner and service was not bad.
I REALLY wanted to like this place. A lot of my friends have mentioned this restaurant and stated how much they enjoyed the food so my boyfriend and I decided to stop by last weekend. First off, they have an amazing staff. Very nice and accommodating. The hostess was great and our server was on top of everything. We really appreciated him informing us that he was going on break and to let the other server know if we needed anything, to just ask. However, we never saw anyone for the last 20 minutes that we were there. They were very busy so we decided not to stay any longer and just walked up to someone at the bar and asked for assistance.

The food..... what can I say... the chicken satay was amazing and I loved the peanut sauce. I ordered the panang curry and my bf ordered the yellow curry (I think).... we love the flavor, but I was disappointed at the amount of chicken they put (which was barely any at all) in the generous bowl of curry they served it with. It was mainly vegetables and I had to fish for the tiny pieces of chicken hoping there was more at the bottom. I hate to do this, but I have to stress how VERY little meat there was in there :(  A few minutes later our pad Thai arrived. The noodles were completely white and the entire dish basically tasted like noodles with lime juice & veggies. Where's the rest of the sauce?!?! The only reason I gave three stars is because I liked the staff and the atmosphere. I don't think I'll be coming back unless one of my friends who love this place really wants to go.
Had the ruby salad, carpaccio, salmon, and ravioli...... everything was literally amazing. We had an amazing server as well. I have not one thing bad to say about this restaurant.
STAY AWAY!!! Because I moved this was the closest to my new home. I had my oil and filter changed here about a month ago and after a week my "oil change" light came on. My bf mentioned maybe the guy just forgot to reset it so he reset it for me.... Last week it came on again and turned off after a few hours... the next day it was on all day... my bf decided to change the oil and filter himself and showed me that someone wrote on the filter to make sure we know it was changed and the date said JULY 2016!!!!! (see picture posted) This place hasn't changed my filter the both times I've come to them after telling them I need an oil and filter change. Both times I was also told it will take about 40min.... but only took 10.... did they even check anything else?  And I love how both times They asked if I was paying cash and when I told them cash, both times they're machine/computer was "down" so they were unable to print me a receipt...what're you guys doing in there???
I've been to a few ramen places in town and came here with my friend (who's a big ramen fan). We love how tender the meat was and the broth was perfect. Not too salty and greasy like other places we've been too. Most of all, amazing service as well. New ramen spot for us
